My points:
0) I know that there are "quality ensurance processes" predicted by spec driven dev methodology. Did you realized this detail and took this crucial step into account? What about other dev life cycle common papers that are usual in modern human tech teams in charge of developing softwares for enterprises ? Requirements Analysts ? Businesses Analysts ? Database Admin and Data Admins ? Scrum Master ? Tech Lead and Solution Architect ? Tech team manager (bridges the tech into business, but in a enterprise business level - directors, supervisors, etc). In the post MVP, a DevOps professional will be crucial.
1) defaultMode: "bypassPermissions" -> despite you confirm that no permission is needed anymore, while you're executing you last implementation, you asked me about 10 time for executing "compounding commands". So, your this bypassPermissions wasn't enough to make you go onward without me monitoring your progress.
2) Gaps
2.1)  No review gate enforcement — PostCompact. Considering parallel implementation oportunities appears, setting the start of other task dependant of current task review finished (+fixing found failures + double check the fixes + return to fixing found failures if doesn't succeed - it may enters, depite is seldom, in a repeting loop of fix, review the fixes, return to fix if failed) may late the creation/evolution/fix of issues in other app's functionalities be late without reason. So: review must be enforced! But a task must have progress blocked only if it depends on (an)other task(s) is succesfully tackled and quality ensurance ensured everything are fine. So, this hook might block only dependants tasks/steps. If none are defined, it must not block parallel agents to progress over other).
2.2) Enable agent teams.  But, ensure this tool + git worktress are one of the best approaches available. Perhaps other outstanding and much more usefull and straighforward tools are available for adoption and must be investigated and compared.
2.3) Review command execution proof. Proceed as needed (perhaps a single changelog.md + commiting it is enough).
2.4) No task completed hook. In human modern tech teams, usualy are used "scrum boards" where there are all the predicted functionalities to develop (defined by the Product Owner - me) until the deadline. The list of desired functionalities are priorized by the PO. Having that, the requirements specification is written (I believe it's equivalent to our spec docs) as the sprints are finishing and board funcionalities are completing their creation (in human team, usually specs of each functionalitie is created about 3 sprint before its implementation starts, so that PO and Requirements Analysts have enough time to refine it until ready to deliver to developers tackle on it). Specs definition starts in the first one priority item, and move onward the last priority - two or more functionalities may progress in parallel in certain cases, depending on the solution specific context. Each functionality is often too complex to be completed in a single sprint, and/or by a single developer. That's why it's usual to split down each functionalitie defined into n subtasks (when this granular task is still too complex, it is splitted over and over until getting small enough to be achived in a sprint). When context allows, a granular task (portion of a bigger funcionalitie) may be tackled by two or more developers (agents), when progress on coding is done in parallel - despite is the same macro functionalitie - each dev acts in a separate granular portion along the sprint. Developers (agents), in their hands, defines atomic tasks (steps they need to complete the granular task assigned to them) and register them in them board, under the granular/macro functionalitie (when no granular activitie was needed), updating each of these steps status as "pending", "depends on", "started", "finished". These status allow scrum master and PO to follow up the development progress of sprint goals and macro goals overal. Granular tasks and Macro funcionalities each has its own statuses as well (it fits to your mention about "no task complete hook" and history of tasks completed - current approach is the stone age "changelog.md" file, a mess when compared to a scrum board organization). Ensure spec driven dev have recommendation about this sort of managemant and ensure it will be used in myvocalist - actually no matter if it is covered or not by spec drive, it's a crucial management for having proper controls and prediction of "when the MVP will complete" ? - This is an ask I'm not able to reply currently, showing the management weakness MyVocaList has - and it makes me loose the sense of time and priority by the end, and I need to bem better on managing my time and cash.
2.4.1) Imagine a context where I and you, with skills properly set to work on specs / plan, we work on defining these documents and, the implementation is completely covered automaticaly by the defined dev environment. This is a dream for me, and this is what I hear some pleople achieve to be able to complete an entire software version creation in 2 weeks! This is your job right now! All the Caution and all the tokens needed must be used and, given such complex setup of dev environment, ensure these words I'm providing here is safe and will be used as a portion of your next tackles (forget further app progress for now - We shall continue it only after having a complete and sistematic setup created for MyVocaList. It may take a good time until achieve this). 
2.5) TeammateIdle trigger hook - Follows the good practices recommended by spec driven dev for triggering the subagent review. Remember about "Quality assurance paper" I mentioned priorly! Caution about the complexity of this paramount step! It's all about time gain as well!
2.6) Workflow.md parallel work instructions. Once again, pursuit the spec dev best practices and proceed as recommended by it.
